Portugal may not be the most obvious
location for a Jaguar launch but it's
twisty country roads and mountain passes
provided an ideal backdrop for the debut
of a revitalized XF range it's easy to
underestimate the Jaguar except it
doesn't quite have the cachet of a BMW
or a mercedes-benz which of courses yjq
has given it and midlife styling update
the result is a car that attracts
attention and that delivers not only in
visual terms but in dynamic terms as
well while the entire except range has
been refreshed we chose to focus our
attention on the range-topping XF our
it's a highly competent dyed-in-the-wool
muscles today powered by a supercharged
5-liter v8 but it's understated styling
didn't do much to get the hearts of
enthusiasts drivers beating faster the
updated version should change that it
has a more confident presence thanks to
a completely revamped front-end the
bi-xenon headlights complete with data
and running lights on you as is the
restyled front bumper huge integrated
air intakes on either side the result is
a much more arresting face
one could have accused the original XF
of being a little bit neutral in the
looks department and a dime even which
is why Jagger I've addressed that quite
assertively with a phantom that is
aggressive and is probably a better
reflection of what the skies actually
capable on indeed the added aggression
of the front end provides a stronger
visual indication of the xfr-s
performance potential and it has other
paths to match 19-inch alloys and fat
rubber fold the wheel arches while those
red brake callipers and larger discs
promise plenty of stopping power the low
stance of the car adds to a personality
that's almost menacing and certainly
athletic at the rear that pronounced
diffuser now integrated into the bumper
adds further credence to the xfr-s
athletic intentions the LED taillights
are also new while a dual pair of
exhaust tailpipes on either side deliver
a superior sound track
sure the XFR turns heads when stationary
but it looks even better on the move
while the main changes are to the
exterior of the Jaguar the cabin has
benefited to the XF are also gets an
upgraded interior and delivers exactly
what you'd expect of a sports sedan
decent seats with great support finishes
which are a little bit more high-tech
than you'd expect to the Jacob and a car
that from an economic point of view also
delivers liquids despite the changes
those familiar with the XF will feel
instantly at home the cockpit finds a
good balance between cost and comfort
and cutting edge technology those front
seats are form hugging and supportive
and the switchgear is intuitively
located life a extravagance a full color
TFT instrument display with virtual
dials while the centrally mounted
touchscreen still provides controls for
key vehicle systems such as audio and
everything but once you get going the
focus immediately shifts to the dynamic
side of the exit pass talent base and
while the mechanicals have remains much
the same the car feels more vigorous and
sharper than before the supercharged
5-liter v8 purrs growls and draws
depending on what you're dealing with a
large paddle while the combination of a
suspension focused on torque responses
and a nicely weighted steering
contribute to the Jaguars muscle car
character on the move the exit bar fills
every engine muscular sports sedan the
chassis is taut almost to the point of
feeling a little jittery on undulated
surfaces but it does allow a very close
communication between car driver of
course a v8 supercharged engine
producing 375 kilowatts and 625 meters
of torque means there's plenty of
performance in this car does the launch
in 4.9 seconds top speed as usual
limited to German 50k is an hour like
all the current generation Jaguars the
exit bar drives the rear wheels via a
6-speed automatic gearbox as all the
transmissions go this unit is one of the
best quicker than expected shifts and
very high levels of refinement it even
lifts the throttle on down shifts in
sport mode but that said it's time to
move on like Jaguars other performance
models that accept par deserves a
sharper more incisive gearbox and while
new clutch transmissions have become the
norm the manual box might actually suit
the exit hours counter best
Jaguars Karen waterline up has never
been stronger the XJ flagship is not
only an adept luxury cruiser but also a
Swift and involving cross-country
machine
the XK remains one of the most handsome
sports repairs on the market and has
done much to elevate Jaguars image so
where does the XF ar-15
while the extra is the flagship and the
XK the glamour child of the Jui family
it's this car the XF that is probably
the British brands most important model
and that's because it has the greatest
volume potential Upton ah it's perhaps
being an underrated car but Jaguar hopes
that a couple of styling updates will
change all of that the exit bars newly
acquired dramatic looks and the updated
styling of the rest of the range are
likely to put the except range back in
the limelight a new force learn a diesel
engine together with an 8-speed auto
gearbox will add further luster but for
now the exit part remains our favorite
jag sedan
the supercharged v8 is still an
impressive mold delivering power and
torque in abundance and allowing sports
car rivaling performance the result is a
very rapid saloon that can be thrashed
through a mountain pass Jade is happy on
the daily commute - you see there's a
manual gearbox option though